{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20860\viewh10180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Intro:\
we use John story that we presented our proposal \
John works in an office, does most of his work on his laptop which he brings home everyday. \
describes himself as a \'93keyboarder\'94. \
He has many tasks to handle and he use sticky note initially. He cannot mange well and change to use google calendar but has issue to access without an Internet connection. \
Therefore John changed another task manager called \'93Task Catalyst\'94 as most of the features are suitable for him. \
\
Features\
John like the features of Task Catalyst\
bla bla bla bla \
\
Demo\
Thida(GUI & basic feature)\
Let\'92s see how john use Task Catalyst for his daily routine.\
John usually goes office early and he thinks which tasks to do for a day. Then he add tasks in Task Catalyst. (#meeting today 10am) (send out meeting minute on tomorrow) \
He does double check on the screen whether the task is added.\
Then he finds out that he wants to add time for 2nd task then he types \'93edit 2 send out meeting minute on tomorrow at 10AM\'94. \
but he wants to send the meeting minute by the day after tomorrow since he thinks that he may need to do follow up things after meeting. so he use 
\b ctrl+z 
\b0 \
But then he changes his mind again, he call back the task using 
\b ctrl+y
\b0  \
\
then he continues to think what tasks he needs to do. while he is thinking, he minimise the screen using 
\b ctrl+m. 
\b0 He stops thinking since he does not have breakfast, he would like to go canteen. Before he goes, he wants to see tasks  so he use ctrl+m to launch Task Catalyst (actually he can use mouse to click on the system tray icon but he prefer shortcut since he is keyboarder)\
then he closes task catalyst using ctrl+e again he like to use hotkey instead of clicking Exit option at system tray.\
\
Wei Jie part\
\'85\'85\
\
\
\
\
}