{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh13300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Thank you John, I am going to be a narrator to talk about John, John\'92s work colleague, ZY and their boss, WJ. \
Now let\'92s see how does john start his work? John always brings his memory stick to work and opens Task Catalyst that located in the memory stick. \
As usual, he is reading emails sent by his boss and adding tasks in Task Catalyst. \
At the same time, ZY is also checking his email and adding tasks by writing on the sticky notes. \
As you can see that, John uses a better way to mange his tasks however ZY prefers the traditional way. \
Now they have added their respective tasks. \
Then, John checks his today tasks and he notices that it is the time for meeting with boss. \
So he informs ZY to attend meeting together. \
ZY just know that and starts looking at the bunch of sticky notes to find the meeting tasks. \
After ZY get his notes, they go into a meeting room. \
Now they are inside the meeting room and waiting for their boss. \
While they are waiting for a few minutes, their boss is coming into the room.\
\
Boss asks to do things\'85.. (action start)  \'97 projected screen need to connect to show what john is typing\
John sharing session\
After sharing session..\
\
Wow!! Now we can realise that Task Catalyst is really simple to use and gives powerful features so that you can manage tasks very well like John. \
I am sure that you will have benefits of using Task Catalyst. \
Now it comes to end of my part, I\'92d like to invite weijie to take over. Thanks. }